content/events/2017-10-24-monthly-meetup.md, before:

---
title: The setState call is coming from INSIDE the house
date: 2017-10-24 19:00
feature: false
meetup:
  id: 237210918
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 30
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Brian Holt
        url: https://twitter.com/holtbt
    title: React Alternatives with Preact and Inferno
    description: >

  - duration: 15
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 15
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Commit message:

Port over October and November 2017 schedules from old Jekyll site

content/events/2017-10-24-monthly-meetup.md, after:

---
date: 2017-10-24 19:00
title: All classes and no semi-colons makes SacJS a dull meetup
feature: false
meetup:
  id: 237210918
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 30
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Brian Holt
        url: https://twitter.com/holtbt
    title: '10KB or Bust: The Delicate Power of Webpack and Babel'
    description: >
      Your app is bigger and slower than it needs to be. Without rewriting app code we can squeeze more performance out of your code by tweaking Webpack and Babel. These tools are immensely powerful but it's a delicate dance to get them to play nice. This talk is full of tips and tricks to get you there.

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Devon Anderson
        url: https://twitter.com/devonwtanderson
    title: Do you know how fast you were going back there?
    description: >
      If you can't measure it, you can't improve it. I'll introduce you to the JavaScript Performance API's, and how they can be used to understand the impact your choices have on the performance of your web apps.

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Is the size of your application haunting you? 👻

Scared that your app is slow? 👹

Well, here are some tricks we will treat you to to make that app fast and responsive!
