content/events/2017-12-19-lightning-talks.md, before:

---
date: 2017-12-19 19:00
title: "Have Yourself a Merry Little ⚡️ Lightning Talk ⚡️"
feature: true
meetup:
  id: 237210926
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Billy Le
        url: https://twitter.com/xgeewhiz
    title: Build a Gatsby.js and Deploy with Netlify
    description: >
      Quick show and tell of using Gatsby.js and deploying a website with Netlify.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Miguel T. Rivera
        url: https://twitter.com/mtrivera3
    title: Model-View-Controller with Cats 🐱
    description: >
      Learn about model-view-controller with cats

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Evghenii Ghimazitdinov
        url: https://twitter.com/evgimov_i
    title: API Testing with Postman & Newman
    description: >
      Learn how to use Postman & Newman to test APIs

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Rima Seiilova-Olson
    title: Web Analytics using Google Analytics
    description: >
      Who visits your website? Where do they come from? What's their intent? What do they do when they land on your website? Do they perform actions you want them to perform? How can you improve their experience? These questions and many more can be answered using data from Google Analytics.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Craig Merry
        url: https://github.com/craigm26
    title: PyBot Racing - Building self-driving toy cars
    description: >
      A short introduction to the PyBot Racing hobby of putting together RC cars with self-driving features. 1. What is PyBot Racing? 2. How is a typical car put together? 3. How is the model trained? 4. How is the car "re-programmed" to drive better? 5. Racing Day in Oakland.


  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Mark Takata
        url: https://twitter.com/thefatpanther
    title: Intro to E-Bikes
    description: >
      - Watts: what do they really mean?
      - Hubs (geared & direct) vs mid-drive
      - Battery specs, what's "good"?
      - New or DIY: making the most of dollar per miles/smiles

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Eliot Lash
        url: https://twitter.com/Eliot_L
    title: Let's talk about pixels!
    description: >
      Very brief introduction to what shaders are. Time permitting, also a quick walkthrough of a simple video generator and video filter using GLSL/ISF

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Chris Cacciatore
        url: https://twitter.com/cacciatc
    title: Green Glass Doors
    description: >
      A game with the audience. Will mostly use JavaScript/programming/computer-themed clues.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Clay Dagler
        url: https://twitter.com/cdagler
    title: How I organize handouts for my high school students.
    description: >
      I use several handouts in my classroom throughout the school year and need a way to organize them on my website. I decided to use the bootstrap drop-down menu which led to more nested lists than I wanted to deal with. Because of this, I decided to write a small program to help me out.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Rizwan Javaid
        url: https://twitter.com/rizwanjavaid
    title: The Power of Sketching
    description: >
      Coming back to present to the amazing SacJS group about the importance of sketching, especially for developers. I will also squeeze in a sketching exercise so it would be good if everyone had a pen and paper to follow along. It's going to be fast and furious! 🙌

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Let's have some fun heading in to the holiday season!

A lightning talk is a short presentation lasting only a few minutes. Being of such short length, it is a great way for new speakers to try their hand at presenting to our group. For more experienced speakers, it is a way to work on making a more concise presentation.

We are accepting talk topics on _anything_! If you can talk about it for five minutes, that likely means that you are passionate about it. We want to hear about your passions! You can talk about Javascript, web technology, Java 6, bicycle repair, or flower arranging!

Commit message:

Add raffle segment to December 2017 schedule

content/events/2017-12-19-lightning-talks.md, after:

---
date: 2017-12-19 19:00
title: "Have Yourself a Merry Little ⚡️ Lightning Talk ⚡️"
feature: true
meetup:
  id: 237210926
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Billy Le
        url: https://twitter.com/xgeewhiz
    title: Build a Gatsby.js and Deploy with Netlify
    description: >
      Quick show and tell of using Gatsby.js and deploying a website with Netlify.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Miguel T. Rivera
        url: https://twitter.com/mtrivera3
    title: Model-View-Controller with Cats 🐱
    description: >
      Learn about model-view-controller with cats

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Evghenii Ghimazitdinov
        url: https://twitter.com/evgimov_i
    title: API Testing with Postman & Newman
    description: >
      Learn how to use Postman & Newman to test APIs

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Rima Seiilova-Olson
    title: Web Analytics using Google Analytics
    description: >
      Who visits your website? Where do they come from? What's their intent? What do they do when they land on your website? Do they perform actions you want them to perform? How can you improve their experience? These questions and many more can be answered using data from Google Analytics.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Craig Merry
        url: https://github.com/craigm26
    title: PyBot Racing - Building self-driving toy cars
    description: >
      A short introduction to the PyBot Racing hobby of putting together RC cars with self-driving features. 1. What is PyBot Racing? 2. How is a typical car put together? 3. How is the model trained? 4. How is the car "re-programmed" to drive better? 5. Racing Day in Oakland.


  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Mark Takata
        url: https://twitter.com/thefatpanther
    title: Intro to E-Bikes
    description: >
      - Watts: what do they really mean?
      - Hubs (geared & direct) vs mid-drive
      - Battery specs, what's "good"?
      - New or DIY: making the most of dollar per miles/smiles

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Eliot Lash
        url: https://twitter.com/Eliot_L
    title: Let's talk about pixels!
    description: >
      Very brief introduction to what shaders are. Time permitting, also a quick walkthrough of a simple video generator and video filter using GLSL/ISF

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Chris Cacciatore
        url: https://twitter.com/cacciatc
    title: Green Glass Doors
    description: >
      A game with the audience. Will mostly use JavaScript/programming/computer-themed clues.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Clay Dagler
        url: https://twitter.com/cdagler
    title: How I organize handouts for my high school students.
    description: >
      I use several handouts in my classroom throughout the school year and need a way to organize them on my website. I decided to use the bootstrap drop-down menu which led to more nested lists than I wanted to deal with. Because of this, I decided to write a small program to help me out.

  - duration: 5
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Rizwan Javaid
        url: https://twitter.com/rizwanjavaid
    title: The Power of Sketching
    description: >
      Coming back to present to the amazing SacJS group about the importance of sketching, especially for developers. I will also squeeze in a sketching exercise so it would be good if everyone had a pen and paper to follow along. It's going to be fast and furious! 🙌

  - duration: 15
    type: mc
    title: Holiday Prize Raffle
    description: >
      Its the season of giving and we've got some great prizes to raffle off! All attendees will get a ticket to win. Earn extra entries by wearing your favorite ugly holiday sweater! Tonight's speakers and past speakers will also get an extra ticket. Speaking has its privileges!
    sponsors:
      - name: Cloudreach
        url: https://www.cloudreach.com/

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Let's have some fun heading in to the holiday season!

A lightning talk is a short presentation lasting only a few minutes. Being of such short length, it is a great way for new speakers to try their hand at presenting to our group. For more experienced speakers, it is a way to work on making a more concise presentation.

We are accepting talk topics on _anything_! If you can talk about it for five minutes, that likely means that you are passionate about it. We want to hear about your passions! You can talk about Javascript, web technology, Java 6, bicycle repair, or flower arranging!
