content/events/2018-03-27-monthly-meetup.md, before:

---
date: 2018-03-27 19:00
title: Monthly Meetup
feature: false
meetup:
  id: 247295428
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our First Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Commit message:

Add Alain to March 2018 meetup

content/events/2018-03-27-monthly-meetup.md, after:

---
date: 2018-03-27 19:00
title: Monthly Meetup
feature: false
meetup:
  id: 247295428
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 30
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Alain Chautard
        url: https://twitter.com/alainchautard
    title: Introduction to Angular 5
    description: >
      Alain Chautard will go through an introduction to the Angular framework. If you don't know anything about Angular, that's a perfect opportunity to learn all of the basics and get you started with the framework! Alain will talk about TypeScript, components, services, pipes, and how to work with Angular CLI through live coding.

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---
