content/events/2018-10-23-monthly-meetup.md, before:

---
date: 2018-10-23 19:00
title: Monthly Meetup
feature: false
meetup:
  id: 247295952
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    sponsors:
      - name: TekSystems
        url: http://www.teksystems.com/
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our First Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Commit message:

Add Roman and Ryan to October 2018 meetup and announce

content/events/2018-10-23-monthly-meetup.md, after:

---
date: 2018-10-23 19:00
title: Trick or Treat Yo' Self
feature: true
meetup:
  id: 247295952
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    sponsors:
      - name: TekSystems
        url: http://www.teksystems.com/
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Roman Pshichenko
        url: https://github.com/imjohndoe
    title: Layout | CSS Grid
    description: >
      CSS was not meant to handle layouts until now. Be it backend, front end or full stack, this is a serious problem that many developers face. Without using using a framework like bootstrap we will layout some sample UI to help us understand the difference between styles, flex and grid.


      CSS has recently gotten a power-up. Don’t be scared, get excited.

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Ryan Day
        url: https://twitter.com/soldair
    title: Tink , Plug n Play, what about my way?
    description: >
      Both yarn and npm in a feat of simultaneous invention have brought us new patterns to store and resolve your dependencies without node_modules.


      I'm going to talk about trade offs, interesting implementation details, and considerations for making your own install-less dependency installer for node.


      Maybe we'll use a custom loader to reduce startup time for a node application!

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---
