content/events/2018-02-27-monthly-meetup.md, before:

---
date: 2018-02-27 19:00
title: Front End Happy Hour Live!
feature: true
meetup:
  id: 247295413
location:
  name: The Urban Hive at The Cannery
  url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/
  address:
    address1: 1601 Alhambra Blvd
    city: Sacramento
    state: CA
    postal_code: 95816
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 60
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Jem Young
        url: https://twitter.com/JemYoung
      - name: Ryan Burgess
        url: https://twitter.com/burgessdryan
      - name: Augustus Yuan
        url: https://twitter.com/augburto
      - name: Mars Jullian
        url: https://twitter.com/marsjosephine
      - name: Stacy London
        url: https://twitter.com/stacylondoner
      - name: Derrick Showers
        url: https://twitter.com/derrickshowers
      - name: Brian Holt
        url: https://twitter.com/holtbt
    title: Front End Happy Hour
    description: >
      Front End Happy Hour is a podcast featuring panelists of engineers from Netflix, Evernote, Atlassian, Microsoft, and LinkedIn talking over drinks about all things Front End development. Join us as they record their next episode in front of a live studio audience, ask some questions, and hang out afterwards to get to know the panelists.

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---

Commit message:

Add custom description support to meetup events

content/events/2018-02-27-monthly-meetup.md, after:

---
date: 2018-02-27 19:00
title: Front End Happy Hour Live!
feature: true
description: "Join us for a live recording of Front Happy Hour with {{SPEAKERS}}"
meetup:
  id: 247295413
location:
  name: The Urban Hive at The Cannery
  url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/
  address:
    address1: 1601 Alhambra Blvd
    city: Sacramento
    state: CA
    postal_code: 95816
schedule:
  - duration: 15
    offset: -15
    type: social
    title: Doors Open
    description: >
      Come early to grab a seat, a refreshment, and some food

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Welcome and Introductions
    sponsors:
      - name: The Urban Hive
        url: http://www.theurbanhive.com/

  - duration: 60
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Jem Young
        url: https://twitter.com/JemYoung
      - name: Ryan Burgess
        url: https://twitter.com/burgessdryan
      - name: Augustus Yuan
        url: https://twitter.com/augburto
      - name: Mars Jullian
        url: https://twitter.com/marsjosephine
      - name: Stacy London
        url: https://twitter.com/stacylondoner
      - name: Derrick Showers
        url: https://twitter.com/derrickshowers
      - name: Brian Holt
        url: https://twitter.com/holtbt
    title: Front End Happy Hour
    description: >
      Front End Happy Hour is a podcast featuring panelists of engineers from Netflix, Evernote, Atlassian, Microsoft, and LinkedIn talking over drinks about all things Front End development. Join us as they record their next episode in front of a live studio audience, ask some questions, and hang out afterwards to get to know the panelists.

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Second Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 20
    type: speaker
    speakers:
      - name: Be Our Third Speaker
        url: /speaking/
    title:
    description: >

  - duration: 5
    type: mc
    title: Closing Remarks

  - duration: 0
    type: social
    title: Bevera.js
    sponsors:
      - name: Rocket Department
        url: http://rocketdepartment.com
      - name: Full Stack Labs
        url: http://www.fullstacklabs.co/
    description: >
      Grab a drink and get to know your fellow #SacTech community members by
      hanging out afterwards and socializing with our other attendees. We'll
      keep it going until we get kicked out!
---
